There is currently one known bug in the DR-DOS kernel which apparently plagues
all versions from 7.01 to 7.03. This bug prevents DR-DOS from booting if there
are very large FAT32 partitions on any hard disks in the system; it will simply
hang. I do not know what causes this problem, but I will probably fix it in one
of the next patches. Until then, as a work-around, use DR-DOS 7.03 and set the
type of any extended partitions that point to these FAT32 partitions to 0fh.
Since DR-DOS 7.03 does not recognize this type at boot time, it will simply not
register these partitions. This will not affect the DRFAT32 driver, so you can
still work with your FAT32 partitions normally.

Update: This bug seems to be caused by loops in the partition tables, i.e.
extended partition records pointing to the same or a lower cylinder number.
I have included a work-around in v7.01.03 which should fix this. This should
also solve the problem of FAT16 partitions beyond the 7.8 GB barrier being
registered without LBA support.

Warning: Beginning with version 7.01.04, DR-DOS is able to use the LBA BIOS
functions to access hard disk partitions outside the 7.8 GB limit defined by
the old CHS (cylinder, head & sector) system. This is no problem for any disk
tools that use DOS functions to access these partitions, however, there are
many old tools that are not LBA-compliant which use low-level BIOS calls to
access hard disks. When used on partitions that are not within the space
accessible via CHS these tools could possibly write data to the wrong sectors
on the hard disk and thus cause severe damage. This is not a bug in DR-DOS, but
a limitation of these tools. Some of the disk tools that are included in the
distributions of DR-DOS 7.0x like fdisk, format, diskopt, etc. may also fall
into this category. Until they have been tested on LBA partitions and it has
been found that they are safe to use, do not use them without making a backup
of your hard disk first.

Warning: Beginning with version 7.01.05, DR-DOS supports FAT16 partitions with
a cluster size of 64 KB. This feature has been tested and found to be working.
However, until someone has done extensive tests and it has been found that it
is generally safe to use, use precautions before using it on partitions that
contain valuable data. Also, please note that many disk tools do not expect to
see this feature on a DOS based machine, so they most likely do not support it.
Windows NT and FreeDOS support it, so tools written for these operating systems
should be safe to use.
