To install the binaries, create a directory on your hard disk and copy the
archive there. You can then unpack it with unzip32 or any other tool that can
unpack ZIP archives. From this directory, you can either use the makeboot batch
file to create a boot disk, e.g. makeboot a: will make a boot disk of the disk
in drive a:, or you can just copy the three files ibmbio.com, ibmdos.com and
command.com on any existing DR-DOS 7 boot disk. You can also copy these files
to you hard disk, but this is not recommended because if your PC fails to boot
due to a bug (see bugs.txt), you will not be able to use it until you reinstall
your previous operating system. Besides, depending on how you have partitioned
your hard disk, DR-DOS may be unable to boot from the selected partition.

To compile the source, create a directory and copy dossrc.zip and any patches
you want to use there, then unzip the files with unzip32 or any other tool that
can unpack ZIP archives. Make sure you have the patch utility in your path,
then apply the patches by typing "patch -p1 <dr7010x.dif", where x is the minor
version number, up to the required number in consecutive order. Before you can
compile the source, you have to edit the make.bat file in the directories
ibmbio, ibmdos and command to adjust the locations of your your MASM and Watcom
files, if necessary. Then you can run make.bat in these directories to compile
the source code. The resulting binaries will be in the sub directory "bin".
To boot the compiled version of DR-DOS, the files ibmbio.com, ibmdos.com and
command.com have to be copied on a bootable DR-DOS disk. If you do not have
one, you will find a disk image in the archives containing the pre-compiled
binaries.
